Update the Flexible Environments article (#6999)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/getting-started/flexible-environments.md

Beta feature: Some features might not be fully available.
{% endhint %}

Flexible Environments allow users to create and manage environments outside the regular left-to-right deployment flow. This enhancement provides flexibility in orchestrating code and content workflows, empowering developers and content editors to work in a way that best suits their needs.

> While the mainline environments use a horizontal deployment flow, the flexible environments will work a little differently. A flexible environment will be added to one of the existing mainline environments and only deploy to and from that environment. Get an overview of the different types of environments in the [Environments](environments.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the mainline environments use a horizontal deployment flow, flexible environments work differently. A flexible environment is added to an existing mainline environment and only deploys to and from that environment. Get an overview of the different types of environments in the [Environments](environments.md) article.
```

Reviewer: Changed to present tense.

![A Cloud project set up with 2 mainline environments and 1 flexible environment](images/cloud-environments.png)

> The image above shows a project setup including 2 mainline environments and 1 flexible environment attached to the left-most mainline environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image above shows a project setup including 2 mainline environments and 1 flexible environment attached to the leftmost mainline environment.
```

* **Easier hotfixes and feature releases**: Urgent fixes can be deployed directly without being blocked by unfinished work in other environments.
* **Improved Content Management**: Content editors can create, test, and validate content changes without depending on a specific environment.

## How it works

> * A flexible environment is added and therefor connected to a single mainline environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A flexible environment is added and connected to a single mainline environment.
```

> * Developers develop and build features in the flexible environment without affecting the mainline environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Developers can develop and build features in the flexible environment without affecting the mainline environment.
```

* Once a feature is complete, it can be merged back into the mainline environment and become part of regular deployment flow.

> * When there are changes made on the mainline environment, these need to be pulled into the flexible environment before changes can be pushed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When changes are made to the mainline environment, they must be pulled into the flexible environment before changes can be pushed.
```

Learn more about the deployment process in the [Deployments](../deployment/README.md) section.

## Project Prerequisites

Before you can add a Flexible environment to your project, the following prerequisites must be met:

> * Uses Umbraco Version 10, 13, 14 or greater.

Reviewer: Do we need to specify 13 and 14? Are versions 11 and 12 not supported? If yes, please leave it as is.

* Uses Deploy Version Greater than 10.4.1, 13.3.0, 14.2.0 or greater.

### Limitations

> * Only one flexible environment is available.

Reviewer: Here, **one** is spelled out, and on line 20, it's in numbers. I prefer the spelled-out version since it's more formal. But you can choose either one and maintain consistency in the article.

> * Flexible environments are only available to Projects paid with Invoices or Credits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Flexible environments are available only for projects paid with invoices or credits.
```

* CI/CD Pipelines are not supported.

> * Flexible Environments are not available on Heartcore projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Flexible Environments are not available for Heartcore projects.
```
